>> Brian Holt: So
the next case is going to be leaving.
What happens if a mole is leaving?
>> Brian Holt: So mole.next is gonna be,
how long should a mole be gone?
>> Brian Holt: Well, I think in my case,
I did 2 to 20 seconds, right?
You don't want it to show
up immediately again,
because that would not be a very fun game.
But you don't want it to be gone for
much more than about 20 seconds or
the game gets boring pretty quickly.
So let's write another function
up here called function
getGoneInterval, and
we're gonna return Date.now.
>> Brian Holt: Plus and then we want
some sort of random interval, right?
We don't want to show up at the exact
same time every single time.
We want to have them kind of be spaced
out and a little unpredictable, right?
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna
say Math.floor(Math.random() *,
and like I said I said 2 to 20 seconds.
So we're going to do times 18000, right?
18000 would be 18 seconds, right?
+
2000.
So this is doing this math first,
which is Math.random() *18, which,
if you want to see what that looks like
it's gonna be Math.random() *18000.
So notice that's coming back with various
numbers between 0 and 18000, okay?
>> Brian Holt: And
then if I do Math.floor,
>> Brian Holt: That's going to round
a number down.
Put that in there.
>> Brian Holt: Make it a little bigger.
So notice that now here we
get nice integers, right?
>> Brian Holt: So this is gonna be
some number between 0 and 18000.
And then we're just adding
2000 to it to make sure
that we're always gonna be gone for
at least two seconds.
>> Brian Holt: So
a little bit of convoluted math there but,
basic gist of get gone interval returns
a random number between 2000 and 20000.